[config]
name = oslo_cargo
workspace = ../../models/gretel_prediction_models/oslo_cargo
dataset = node2node
input_directory = node2node
max_trajectory_length = 85
min_trajectory_length = 2
k_closest_nodes = 1
extract_coord_features = False
optimizer = Adam
loss = target_only
device = cpu
lr = 0.0005
momentum = 0.5
batch_size = 5
patience = 1000
overfit1 = False
shuffle_samples = True
number_epoch = 19
seed = 0
train_test_ratio = 0.8/0.2
number_observations = 1
self_loop_deadend_only = True
self_loop_weight = 0.01
diffusion_k_hops = 60
diffusion_hidden_dimension = 1
parametrized_diffusion = False
target_prediction = next
latent_transformer_see_target = False
initial_edge_transformer = False
double_way_diffusion = False
rw_max_steps = -1
rw_expected_steps = True
rw_edge_weight_see_number_step = False
with_interpolation = False
use_shortest_path_distance = False
rw_non_backtracking = True
diffusion_self_loops = False
enable_checkpointing = True
checkpoint_directory = chkpt
chechpoint_every_num_epoch = 5
restore_from_checkpoint = False
compute_baseline = True
